okay so one of the best features of the
Vision Pro is how good the object
tracking and permanence is but it's a
bit of a blessing and a curse see this
headset is live mapping the 3D space
around you and then when you place an
object somewhere it stays there like
rock solid and it has memory so you can
leave windows around your house and then
you can leave the room and come back and
it'll still be there but if you're in a
form of moving Transportation like a
train or a plane or the back of a car
then things do get kind of weird because
the visual data for the cameras says
you're staying still but the gyroscopes
and the accelerometers are saying you're
moving so the tracking will fail
thankfully Apple has actually thought of
this and addressed it so there's a
feature called travel mode so all you
have to do to enable it is pop into the
control center and hit that little icon
all the way on the left that will
deactivate a few of the sensors like the
gyroscope and still be able to pin
permanent objects in your space so that
they don't leave as you leave now you
can watch movies on a
plane